color trends may come and go but
beautiful weddings never go out of style
there are five great color combinations
we created for a not photo shoot that
served as gorgeous wedding palettes
this first combination is inspired by a
modern pattern and color combination
aqua and chartreuse since the invite is
the first item your guests will save it
sets the tone for everything that
follows a bridesmaids beaded clutch
purse is fun and formal at the same time
for the table decor these spheres of
lisianthus cymbidium orchids and kermit
moms are at alternating heights to
create a clean and linear look to the
table while blue napkins pop against the
white plates and really contrasts with
the chartreuse floral arrangements an
alternative to the standard wedding cake
is using mini cakes for each table and
these whimsical confections by Colette's
cakes mimic the patterns on the
invitation and are a great alternative
to the typical slice of wedding cake and
why not bring the colors through to the
end of the wedding with color
coordinated favors after putting aqua
and chartreuse jelly beans in these
votive candle holders we wrap them in
tool for a classic wedding finish
if you love a color why not use shades
within the same family to create your
wedding color palette here we've used
blush and mob to create a romantic and
feminine wedding style statement that is
a sophisticated take on a vintage color
combo this wedding invitation by sesang
New York is modern with its very fond
Styles yet draws antique influences with
its scrollwork motif the varied color
tones add to the old-world style this
bouquet proves staying within the same
color family doesn't have to be boring
try using more than one type of flower
celebrate flowers created this bouquet
of bluebird roses sweet pea
mini calla lilies and cymbidium orchids
carry your colors into unexpected places
and your guests will never forget your
color-coordinated wedding here we serve
a champagne Intermezzo with pink sugar
rims during the cocktail hour that are
as pretty as they are delicious cheryl
Kleinman created this dusty rose and
white fondant four tiered cake for our
pink hue affair the delicate marine
flowers are a nice balance with the
modern lines on this pretty confection
we're a vintage style favor send guests
home with unique cameo soaps these are
by plum party and they are practical as
well as decorative
when using an outdoor setting as your
inspiration images of lush greenery and
bright blooms may come to mind but we
went in a completely different direction
using brown branches and feathers and
adding lavender accents that really pop
this program and invite our modern in
their color choice Brown is the new
black
but old-school in the font choice and
scroll work which is romantic and brings
in a certain softness they are by sesang
New York when looking closely at the
motif you can see the subtle bird on the
programs cover you can continue using
your palette in unexpected places here
we decorated a play and lavender ring
pillow by adding feathers and ribbon
these floral arrangements look like
they'd be perfectly at home in a
fashionable living room but they also
make for a very distinct and stylish
wedding decor the varied heights and
textures make these truly distinct using
elements from nature the centerpieces
consists of fiddlehead fern manzanita
branches and golden Center tail feathers
with hydrangea Vistal and sweet pea you
can take a simple cake and check it up a
notch it's all white how you choose to
display it these two tiered chocolate
brown and ivory cakes by Cheryl climb
and cakes is placed on top of lavender
rose petals and an upside-down chocolate
brown wicker basket to tie it into our
organic nature loving theme
using your heritage as your inspiration
has always been in fashion and this
indian-inspired combo is no exception
the bright garnet and tangerine hues are
gorgeous in every element here's a tip
in order to ensure that colors blend
rather than clash bring swatches when
choosing invites flowers and other
elements of your wedding we even found
earrings for the bride in the perfect
shade of red and orange
JME visuals set up this beautiful table
display using clusters of candles in
varying Heights and widths surrounded by
rose petals and placed on gold trays the
centerpieces are romantic and lush
looking without making the table look
overcrowded we coordinated the place
settings with a bridal bouquet by using
deep red and orange dahlias in the
napkin treatment this stylish Lee ornate
cake is as rich tasting as it looks the
hand-painted three-tiered cake was made
of rolled fondant by Jollibee bakery
another popular way to choose your
wedding colors is through your favorite
flower for this contemporary take on an
old standby we created a modern garden
party of hibiscus using bright lemon and
muted celadon green every element
doesn't have to reflect your motif but
keeping your colors consistent will make
for a very coordinated affair
here we have a centerpiece an bouquet
made of cattle a orchids roses viburnum
ranunculus and parrot tulips frames
yellows and greens bring in the garden
party vibe an instead of numbers we'd
name the tables after flowers this table
card is by an Robyn calligraphy and the
feminine font immediately ups the
formality factor of this table setup the
clean and simple cake of buttery yellow
fondant has celadon satin ribbon trim
and is marked by a single large hibiscus
in the upper right hand corner send off
your guests with a sweet and delicate
favor these beautiful petit fours with
sugar hibiscus are my Ellen bound wall
of bees you do specialty cakes for more
info on the items in this segment check
out our color cues gallery and slideshow
only on the not calm